---
title: My First Week at Auth0
slug: /blog/my-first-week-at-auth0
publishDate: "2020-01-15"
tags: career, soft-skills
coverImage: ./images/cover.png
published: true
---

I'm writing this on the plane back from my first week at Auth0! I'm still riding the high of onboarding and figured I should take the time to document my thoughts. After my first week, here are my big takeaways.

## I've Got So Much To learn

New company, new me right?! Well, with that comes a lot to learn as always. There's the technical side (I'll talk about that next), but there's also the culture, the people, the structure, the tools, etc.

For the first time in over three years, I'm one of the new people. On the plus side, I joined with 29 other **_Auziros_**, so I've got amazing people that are going through the same thing. It's definitely a transition, but I'm ready for it. I'm ready to learn, ready to contribute, and ready for something new.

## The Product Is Complicated

As part of my interview process, I had to record a presentation on using Auth0 with a React application (keep an eye out, video coming soon). I learned a ton during that process, but I didn't go much deeper than what I needed to know to make a good presentation.

That said, as a new employee, I took a three day technical training and learned just how complicated the product is. There are many authentication/authorization workflows, and they differ based on the application type, etc. I had no idea how many details there were. Needless to say, I have a much greater appreciation for the product now.

## The Product Is Also Amazing

After talking about how complicated the Auth0 product is, I also want to share that I genuinely enjoy it. First and foremost, Auth0 is targeted at developers like me, so it's designed to give developers the most positive experience they can.

- great documentation
- great SDKs
- great tutorials

It's a breeze to get started wtih, and I can't wait to do some wicked integrations for demos in the future!

## Auth0 Attracts Tremendous Talent

There's the old cliche, **_"If you're the smarted person in the room, you're in the wrong room"_**. I agree, and I'm always looking for opporunities to learn from those around me.

I don't want to sound egotistical (maybe it's unavoidable), but I've spent time feeling like **_"the smartest person in the room"_**. After my first week at Auth0, I can tell that isn't the cse, and I love it!

> I've got lots to learn and an amazing group of people to learn from.

The people I've met have been incredible. Everyone is extremely smart and cultured, but most importantly just "good people" as we would say in the South. I've got lots to learn and an amazing group of people to learn from.

## I'm Soooooo Excited

Auth0 is a company that is moving in the right direction. They are growing tremendously, the people are incredibly talented, and they have a great culture.

Mic drop...lol

But seriously, everything about Auth0 so far I have liked. The people, the product, the culture. I'm thrilled to be a part of the team, and think 2020 will be an amazing year working with Auth0.
